hi ladies I am back today with the full
review on the Maybelline new instant age
rewind foundation and the powder that I
bought a couple days ago that I had been
stocking the stores for I finally got to
try it for two full days I want it you
know not just to swatch it or put it on
quickly I wanted to wear it throughout
the day and see what the foundation was
like if it was gonna get cakey oily come
off you know I wanted to do the whole
thing and I finally have I actually
played with it that day that I got it
which was Friday night and I wore it
again yesterday so I'm back with the
full review it's um it's brand new it's
called instant age rewind the lifter and
it also has a primer inside and it looks
like this is this cool like swirly
looking thing and that's what got me was
the packaging and the packaging if it's
cute it's gonna get me so um there it is
there and it is one full ounce and then
they also have the powder and the powder
is just called the Perfector and it also
says that it has primer inside and that
looks just cool it looks just like that
you can see it's got that white like
swirl inside and that's what totally
caught my attention when I saw the
powder online and look like it was
creamy it you know the picture look like
it was creamy but it's not it's just you
know powdery as you can tell right there
and then of course the foundation goes
on matte so let me start off I picked
this up in the color sandy beige and I'm
pretty much like a neutral beige like if
by numbers it's like number 50 I have
this in I have this foundation in the
same color in the regular instant age
rewind and this is the eraser one so as
you can tell I love this product and
I've been using it this one has SPF 18
and I was actually looking receive this
had SPF in it
and I did not see anything on the
packaging that said it had it so that's
even better because if you are oily or
you get you know oily around your t-zone
you know it might kind of make it a
little icky or whatever but I do not see
it anywhere
I'll go ahead and swatch a little bit
and all you really need is a tad bit and
it is pump so it's even better but you
barely have to push it out and if I
could see it kind of is like a mousse II
you know texture and see how it look see
kind of looks moosie so then it blends
in very well and creamy and it doesn't
drive too too fast but it's workable and
blendable and then it soaks right into
your skin instantly it like within a
couple seconds like when I'm touching it
here
it doesn't feel cakey or it's like by
now I touch my hand and it's completely
set in so it does go on Matt there is no
shimmer no nothing and I would say it's
a light to medium coverage it won't give
you a full coverage but it is light to
medium coverage what's gonna help with
it is once you put your powder on so one
thing about this powder it um it is very
let me see let me show you there the
texture of it it's very smooth and it
blends right over but the thing about it
is the powder if you swirl your brush
you're gonna have a lot of fallout so
what I do is the perfect brush to use it
with was my ELF brush and the first time
I scrolled it I just saw a whole bunch
of products ah so what I do is I just
gently tap it and as you can see you get
plenty of product in there and then you
could just shake it off and I actually
did a plant and then you just Pat it on
and then kind of just just like that so
just gently just Pat it on and once you
put your powder over the foundation it
gives you more mium to a light full
coverage and it does not go on cakey
powder does have a very very light
shimmer you know that shimmer
the Revlon Photoready has that's the
kind of shimmer but it's nothing crazy
or bright
it's just that very very light light
light shimmer overall I am extremely
extremely pleased with the product
because the powder I was so scared that
it was gonna be you know powdery or it
was gonna show or look cakey because you
know some powders are like that the
powder is flawless and nice think that
it's that way because it has that primer
inside of it so it kind of gives it that
extra you know like texture to blend it
in better as well as this so being that
it has the primer in it you won't come
on focus there we go being that it has
the primer in it you probably don't even
have to prime your face I still did so
that the application will go on smoother
and it did but um I am extremely
extremely happy and I was you know
overall I knew it was gonna turn out
fine because I already had loved this
here I think the only difference between
this one and this one is that this one
has a primer and it doesn't have SPF and
this one does what I did notice though
was my t-zone area or just right here
just a small tease on a very very enemy
very light hint of like oiliness it did
so I'm thinking the primer might have
that like oil in it or silicone I'm not
sure whatever it is maybe I'll read it
the the writing on it is kind of
see-through and it goes in through the
bottle so it makes it kind of hard to
read but I'm gonna look online but
overall like I said the foundation is
amazing and to top it off with a powder
it is so worth it they're ten dollars
apiece but I know that Ultor I now has
buy one get one half off so if you go by
the foundation for $9.99 then you're
gonna get this for half off so be like
$4.99 so you can probably get both of
these for $15 and then if you get that
350 off you know coupon that comes in
the front of your catalogue then you can
possibly get these for like twelve or
thirteen with tax so if you want to try
these I would definitely recommend them
and especially if you have
like combination skin or normals can I
honestly think that this is gonna work
for anybody because it didn't you know
get cakey it didn't dry you know my face
out it didn't get oily I honestly think
this will work for you know any type of
a face and I do have a sensitive face
and you didn't like you know break me
out or do anything crazy on my face so
yeah go pick it up I absolutely love it
and I'm gonna insert somewhere here me
applying the whole product and then you
guys can see how that works so until
next time I will see you girls here soon